Inbound Methodology was born when Brian Halligan and Dharmesh Shah met at MIT in 2004
A blog that Dharmesh ran was getting abnormally high amounts of traffic. 
The two of them set out to find the answer and came up with inbound methodology.
While people were starting to catch on to the idea at the time as old marketing methods were becoming less effective,
Dharmesh and Brian were the first to make it their own in the form of their business HubSpot.
It's an idea that has become very familiar to us, inbound puts the customer first and focuses on the principle that
a superior service will market itself. And by implementing these ideas into your design, people will naturally
find and share your site.
Inbound marketing's more personal approach contrasts outbound's more in your face approach and creates a niche for 
small businesses. Potential customers will find your service through more organic means and feel less forced.
However, this is not limited to small businesses as many big companies have incorporated inbound ideas into their design, including
Netflix, Mozilla, and JCPenny (add more)
It's not only important from a business perspective but also a design perspective inbound ideas are synonymous with a good user experience. 
HubSpot presents the inbound process as 4 steps Attract, Convert, Close, Delight.
Attract: touch on Blogging, Search Engine Optimization, and Social Publishing
Convert: touch on Forms, Calls-to-Action, Landing Pages, Contact Information
Close: Keep in contact with your users
Delight: Surveys, Tailored Content, Social Monitoring

Attract tips:
  1: Ensure you have google Analytics set up properly for your website and that your site is SEO
  
  2: Promote yourself through channels that people have given you permission to communicate with them i.e. social media and
     post information that interests and educates them on your website. ex. hubspot and hootsuite

  3: Social media management: make sure you use consistent language accross all sites
    -Compile a preapproved list of questions people may frequently ask to quickly and efficiently respond to questions

  4: Sweepstakes: Offer prizes that entice the type of people that you want to visit your site.
    -Plan to give out prizes on days that would generate the highest traffic, first, last, and the middle, to drive constant interest
    -Offer more items that are worth less to create a constant stream of traffic and a sense of urgency
    -https://hootsuite.com/products/campaigns/case-studies
  
  5: Use outbound to promote your inbound content
    -Find your most sucessful inbound publication and advertise it, it has proven to be useful to people by generating leads now 
     show it to more people
     
  6: Create "personas" of your ideal customers, conduct surveys or interviews of users and create a profile of your ideal user. 
     Use these qualities to identify potential users and understand how to create personalized content they want to read.
     
Delight:
  1: Any time you get information about a lead, use it to personalize their experience. Location, interests, etc. 
  http://knowledge.hubspot.com/smart-content-user-guide/what-is-smart-content
  
  
  
